README.md, before:

# _Pig Latin_

#### _This application is to practice arrays, looping, and making specs, 03.05.2020_

#### By _**Meliah MacKay**_

## Description

_This is an application I made to help me pracitce my skills when it comes to arrays, looping, and making specs._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Specs

_*Words that begin with a vowel add "way" to the end.
Input Example: Awesome
Output Example: Awesomeway

*Words that begin with a consonant, move  the first consecutive consonant to the end, and add "ay".
Input Example: Turtle
Output Example: Urtletay      

*Words that begin two consecutive consonants, move  the consecutive consonants to the end, and add "ay".
Input Example: Place
Output Example: Aceplay 

*If the first consonants include "qu", move the "u" along with the "q".
Input Example: Question
Output Example: Estionquay 

                 _

## Support and contact details

_If you run into problems feel free to email Meliah at xmeliahmackay@gmail.com _

## Technologies Used

_This application is using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap_

### License


Copyright (c) 2020 **_Meliah MacKay_**














The program recognizes a single vowel.
Input Example: "a"
Output Example: 1

The program recognizes a single vowel, regardless of case.
Input Example: "A"
Output Example: 1

The program ignores non-alphabetical characters, since they cannot be vowels.
Input Example: "4%"
Output Example: 0

The program recognizes a single vowel in a multiple-character word.
Input Example: "cat"
Output Example: 1

The program recognizes multiple vowels in a single word.
Input Example: "cater"
Output Example: 2

The program recognizes vowels in a multiple-word sentence.
Input Example: "cats catered the event"
Output Example: 7

The program recognizes vowels in a multiple-word sentence, regardless of capitalization.
Input Example: "CATS CATERED THE EVENT"
Output Example: 7


The program recognizes all vowels in a multiple-word sentence, regardless of inconsistent capitalization.
Input Example: "CaTS CATEReD ThE EveNT"
Output Example: 7

Commit message:

let JS get the word inputted, and then return the word if it begins with the letter a

README.md, after:

# _Pig Latin_

#### _This application is to practice arrays, looping, and making specs, 03.05.2020_

#### By _**Meliah MacKay**_

## Description

_This is an application I made to help me pracitce my skills when it comes to arrays, looping, and making specs._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Specs

_
*Application can tell if first letter is a vowel or consonant.
Input Example: Apple
Output Example

*Words that begin with a vowel add "way" to the end.
Input Example: Awesome
Output Example: Awesomeway

*Words that begin with a consonant, move  the first consecutive consonant to the end, and add "ay".
Input Example: Turtle
Output Example: Urtletay      

*Words that begin two consecutive consonants, move  the consecutive consonants to the end, and add "ay".
Input Example: Place
Output Example: Aceplay 

*If the first consonants include "qu", move the "u" along with the "q".
Input Example: Question
Output Example: Estionquay 

                 _

## Support and contact details

_If you run into problems feel free to email Meliah at xmeliahmackay@gmail.com _

## Technologies Used

_This application is using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap_

### License


Copyright (c) 2020 **_Meliah MacKay_**














The program recognizes a single vowel.
Input Example: "a"
Output Example: 1

The program recognizes a single vowel, regardless of case.
Input Example: "A"
Output Example: 1

The program ignores non-alphabetical characters, since they cannot be vowels.
Input Example: "4%"
Output Example: 0

The program recognizes a single vowel in a multiple-character word.
Input Example: "cat"
Output Example: 1

The program recognizes multiple vowels in a single word.
Input Example: "cater"
Output Example: 2

The program recognizes vowels in a multiple-word sentence.
Input Example: "cats catered the event"
Output Example: 7

The program recognizes vowels in a multiple-word sentence, regardless of capitalization.
Input Example: "CATS CATERED THE EVENT"
Output Example: 7


The program recognizes all vowels in a multiple-word sentence, regardless of inconsistent capitalization.
Input Example: "CaTS CATEReD ThE EveNT"
Output Example: 7
